Flow control SubReconcilers (#414)
vmware-labs/reconciler-runtime: README.md

```
[full source](https://github.com/projectriff/system/blob/4c3b75327bf99cc37b57ba14df4c65d21dc79d28/pkg/controllers/build/function_reconciler.go#L39-L51)

#### IfThen

An [`IfThen`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/vmware-labs/reconciler-runtime/reconcilers#IfThen) branches execution of the current reconcile request based on a condition. The false `Else` branch is optional and ignored if not defined.

**Example:**

An IfThen can be used to gate a capability of the reconciler only for a resource that opts-in to the behavior. 

```go
func GatedReconciler() *reconcilers.SubReconciler[*buildv1alpha1.Function] {
	return &reconcilers.IfThen[*buildv1alpha1.Function]{
		If: func(ctx context.Context, resource *buildv1alpha1.Function) bool {
			return resource.Labels["capability-gate.example/enabled"] == "true"
		}
		Then: reconcilers.Sequence[*buildv1alpha1.Function]{
			// use the gated feature
		},
	}
}
```

#### While

> A [`While`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/vmware-labs/reconciler-runtime/reconcilers#While) calls the reconciler so long as the condition is true, up to the maximum number of iterations (defaults to 100). The current iteration index can be retried with [`RetrieveIteration`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/vmware-labs/reconciler-runtime/reconcilers#RetrieveIteration).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A [`While`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/vmware-labs/reconciler-runtime/reconcilers#While) calls the reconciler so long as the condition is true, up to the maximum number of iterations (defaults to 100). The current iteration index can be retrieved with [`RetrieveIteration`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/vmware-labs/reconciler-runtime/reconcilers#RetrieveIteration).
```

> A [`While`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/vmware-labs/reconciler-runtime/reconcilers#While) calls the reconciler so long as the condition is true, up to the maximum number of iterations (defaults to 100). The current iteration index can be retried with [`RetrieveIteration`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/vmware-labs/reconciler-runtime/reconcilers#RetrieveIteration).

Reviewer: [question, clarification] Iteration is done as a single resource's reconciliation, isn't it? And it's only iterating over the `While` and not the entire pipeline of reconcilers?

> This reconciler must not be used to wait for an external to change, or for polling as this will block the reconciler queue. It to return with the result requesting to be requeued, or to watch the external state for changes that enqueue the reconcile request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This reconciler must not be used to wait for external state to change, or for polling as this will block the reconciler queue. Its use is to return with the result requesting to be requeued, or to watch the external state for changes that enqueue the reconcile request.
```
Not sure whether I understand the second sentence.

**Example:**

An While can be used to fan out. 

```go
func TenTimesReconciler() *reconcilers.SubReconciler[*buildv1alpha1.Function] {
	return &reconcilers.While[*buildv1alpha1.Function]{
		Condition: func(ctx context.Context, resource *buildv1alpha1.Function) bool {
			return reconcilers.RetrieveIteration(ctx) < 10
		}
		Reconciler: reconcilers.SyncReconciler[*buildv1alpha1.Function]{
			Sync: func(ctx context.Context, resource *buildv1alpha1.Function) error {
				// called ten times
				return nil
			}
		},
	}
}
```

#### TryCatch

A [`TryCatch`](https://pkg.go.dev/github.com/vmware-labs/reconciler-runtime/reconcilers#TryCatch) is used to recover from errors returned by a reconciler. The `Catch` method is called with the result and error from the `Try` reconciler, giving it the option to either continue the existing results, or replace them with new results.

> The `Finally` reconciler is always called before returning, but does not alter the results unless it errors. The finally reconciler should avoid complex logic and be limited to cleaning up common state from the try reconciler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Finally` reconciler is always called before returning, but does not alter the result unless it errors. The `Finally` reconciler should avoid complex logic and be limited to cleaning up common state from the `Try` reconciler.
```

**Example:**

> An While can be used to fan out. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A `TryCatch` can be used to handle errors.
```

```go
func IgnoreErrorsReconciler() *reconcilers.SubReconciler[*buildv1alpha1.Function] {
	return &reconcilers.TryCatch[*buildv1alpha1.Function]{
		Try: &reconcilers.SyncReconciler[*buildv1alpha1.Function]{
			Sync: func(ctx context.Context, resource *buildv1alpha1.Function) error {

> 				return fmt.Errorf("alway error?")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
				return fmt.Errorf("always error")
```

			}
		},
		Catch: func(ctx context.Context, resource *buildv1alpha1.Function, result reconcile.Result, err error) (reconcile.Result,  error) {

> 			// suppress error

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			// suppress error and/or
        // log it and/or
        // update the parent's status
```

Author: in this example, it's surprising the error. Logging or updating status are other things that could be done.
